[age-range] add docs (#40530)
expo/expo: docs/pages/versions/unversioned/sdk/age-range.mdx

---
title: AgeRange

> description: A library that provides access to age range information using Google Play Age Signals API on Android and Declared Age Range framework on iOS.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
description: A library that provides access to age range information using Play Age Signals API on Android and Declared Age Range framework on iOS.
```

I don't the official documentation prefixing it with "Google": https://developer.android.com/google/play/age-signals/use-age-signals-api#:~:text=The%20Play%20Age%20Signals%20API%20only%20returns%20data%20for%20users,the%20applicable%20jurisdiction%20and%20regions.

sourceCodeUrl: 'https://github.com/expo/expo/tree/main/packages/expo-age-range'
packageName: 'expo-age-range'
platforms: ['android', 'ios']
isAlpha: true
---

import APISection from '~/components/plugins/APISection';
import { APIInstallSection } from '~/components/plugins/InstallSection';
import { ConfigReactNative } from '~/ui/components/ConfigSection';
import { SnackInline } from '~/ui/components/Snippet';

`expo-age-range` provides access to user age range information. It uses Google's [Play Age Signals API](https://developer.android.com/google/play/age-signals/use-age-signals-api) on Android and Apple's [Declared Age Range framework](https://developer.apple.com/documentation/declaredagerange/) on iOS.

This API allows you to request age range information from users to help you comply with age-appropriate content regulations and provide age-appropriate experiences in your app.

> Limitation: On Android, the Play Age Signals API (beta) throws an exception until January 1, 2026, [as documented](https://developer.android.com/google/play/age-signals/use-age-signals-api#integrate-play-age-signals). From January 1, the API will return live responses.

Reviewer: ```suggestion

### Limitation

On Android, the Play Age Signals API (beta) throws an exception until January 1, 2026, as per the [official Android documentation](https://developer.android.com/google/play/age-signals/use-age-signals-api#integrate-play-age-signals). From January 1, the API will return live responses.
```

This should be a sub-section after Installation.

## Installation

<APIInstallSection />

## Configuration in app config

### Setup iOS project

> To use the age range API on iOS, you need to add the `com.apple.developer.declared-age-range` entitlement to your app. Add it to your **app.json** or **app.config.js**:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To use the age range API on iOS, you need to add the `com.apple.developer.declared-age-range` entitlement to your app. Add it to your [app config](./config/app/) file:
```

As per https://github.com/expo/expo/blob/main/guides/Expo%20Documentation%20Writing%20Style%20Guide.md#referencing-appjsonappconfigjsonappconfigjsappconfigts

```json app.json
{
  "expo": {
    "ios": {
      "entitlements": {
        "com.apple.developer.declared-age-range": true
      }
    }
  }
}
```

<ConfigReactNative>

For bare React Native projects, add the entitlement to your **ios/[app]/[app].entitlements** file:

```xml
<key>com.apple.developer.declared-age-range</key>
<true/>
```

</ConfigReactNative>

## Usage

> <SnackInline label="Age Range Usage" dependencies={['expo-age-range']} platforms={['android', 'ios', 'web']}>

Reviewer: ```suggestion
<SnackInline label="Age Range Usage" dependencies={['expo-age-range']} platforms={['android', 'ios']}>
```

- Since the web is an unsupported platform as per the platform tags, we should remove the platform tag here.
- The example below opens in Snack (not sure if that is intentional). However, the example is incomplete to run inside a Snack (missing primitives to render the functionality and the UI).

Reviewer: A Snack example will be great here, thank you @vonovak!

If we can provide runnable examples of libraries that work in Expo Go, that is always a win-win for developers to get familiar with the library 😄
